Update phone number assignment cmdlets (#8834)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser.md

## SYNOPSIS
Use the `Set-CsOnlineVoiceUser` cmdlet to set the PSTN specific parameters (like telephone numbers and emergency response locations.)

> > [!NOTE]
> > This cmdlet will be deprecated. Please start using the new cmdlet [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This cmdlet will be deprecated. Use the new [Set-CsPhoneNumberAssignment](/powershell/module/teams/set-csphonenumberassignment) cmdlet instead.
```
